Restore sections, remove wallet wording (#2183)
kadena-community/kadena.js: packages/apps/docs/src/docs/build/authentication/create-transactions.md

### Account guard

When users create an account for the `coin` contract or for other `fungible-v2` contracts, they provide an account name and a guard. 
As mentioned in [Account, keys, and principals](/learn/accounts), there are different types of guards, but **keysets** are the most commonly-used for accounts that hold assets. 

Kadena SpireKey accounts are different in that they use a **capability** defined in the `webauthn-wallet` contract instead of a keyset to enforce the rules for signing transactions. 
Because the `coin` contract can't bring this capability into scope when trying to debit an account, the `webauthn-wallet` contract implements its own `webauthn-wallet.transfer` function and custom `webauthn-wallet.GAS_PAYER` and `webauthn-wallet.TRANSFER` capabilities. 

> The `webauthn-wallet`  contract wraps the `coin` contract to bring the required capabilities into scope before calling the wrapped functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `webauthn-wallet` contract wraps the `coin` contract to bring the required capabilities into scope before calling the wrapped functions.
```

> Other contracts should be compatible with `webauthn-wallet` accounts by default.

Author: @EnoF Can you have a look at the changes? I'm not sure I captured it correctly (I'm still grappling with the capabilities stuff obviously).

https://spirekey.kadena.io/sign#transaction=encodedTx&returnUrl=www.mydapp.com

The following table describes the parameters that you can include in your signing request:

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `transaction` | string  | Required | A base64 encoded string of the unsigned transaction. |
| `returnUrl` | string  | Required | The url, encoded as a uriComponent, that the Kadena SpireKey should redirect users to after they have signed the transaction. |
| `translations` | string  | Optional | Custom descriptions that explain what capabilities or operations that the user is signing for. |
| `optimistic` | boolean | Optional | Allows applications to continue transaction workflows without having to wait for the transaction to be confirmed on the blockchain. When this parameter is included, `pendingTxIds` are returned so that the application can keep track of the status of the submitted transactions and update the UI accordingly. For more information about the optimistic transaction flow, see [Optimistic account onboarding](/build/authentication/integrate#optimistic-account-onboardingh-416162207). |

> After you construct the request with the required parameters, you can connect to Kadena SpireKey to enable the user to sign the transaction.

Reviewer: "connect" could be confusing here, because it also part of the SpireKey API (connecting an account). Maybe "redirect".

## Verify the signed transaction

> After all of the signatures for a transaction have been successfully collected, the user is redirected to the `returnUrl` you provided. 

Reviewer 2: Small nuance, not all signatures of a transaction needs to be collected before a user is redirected back to the dapp. The user is redirected the moment all signatures that could be signed with accounts from this wallet (think of proof of us, where you will be redirected while the other person might not have signed yet)

The signed transaction and optional parameters are returned as parameters using the anchor hashtag (`#`). 

If the transaction was not successfully signed, the unsigned transaction is returned.

| Parameter | Type | Required | Description |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `transaction` | string | Required | A base64 encoded string of the signed or unsigned transaction. |
| `pendingTxIds`| string[] | Optional | Pending transaction identifiers that enable the application to move forward without waiting for the transaction to be confirmed on the blockchain. |

To verify that a transaction has been successfully signed, you can check the `sigs` field in the transaction. 
If the field has undefined signatures, you won't be able to submit the transaction.

> If the transaction has been successfully signed, it is valid for a limited period of time as specified in the `ttl` value in the transaction `publicMeta` data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the transaction has been successfully signed, it is valid within the limited period of time set in the `ttl` value in the transaction `publicMeta` data.
```

Author: "within" seemed like an odd word choice.

> During this period of time, the application can call the `local/preflight=true` endpoint to check whether the transaction is valid, then send it to the blockchain to be executed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During this period of time, the application can call the `local?preflight=true` endpoint to check whether the transaction is valid, then send it to the blockchain to be executed.
```

> After the transaction is submitted to the blockchain, you can check the transaction status using the request key and chainweb-data API or the Kadena client. 

Reviewer 2: I don't think we should encourage dApp developers to use estats to confirm a transaction. The `poll` with a confirmation depth of 4+ should be encouraged.

}
```

In this example, the `n_eef68e581f767dd66c4d4c39ed922be944ede505` namespace is the namespace for Kadena SpireKey deployed on the Kadena test and main networks.
If you deploy your own versions of the `webauthn-wallet` and `webauthn-guard` contracts, you'll use a different namespace. 
To construct a transaction similar to this example in your application, you can use the `c:` account and `WEBAUTHN` public key returned by Kadena SpireKey in the `accountName` and `credentials` properties from the account details for a user object.

## Send data to the SpireKey wallet

After you construct the unsigned transaction in your application, you can send
that data along with a `returnUrl` to Kadena SpireKey. Kadena
SpireKey handles the signing process and redirects users back to your
application. As with registration and authentication, the information is passed

> using URL parameters.

Reviewer 2: This is no longer correct and should be placed as searchParams behind a `#` instead of `?`

Reviewer 2: The same applies for the return of the tx to the dApp
